[all hosts] (Launch) Add article about custom protocol handlers (#4701)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/publish/custom-protocol-handler.md

---
title: Trust custom protocol handlers that launch add-ins
description: How to use group policies for protocol handler trust in the registry to launch add-ins.
ms.topic: how-to
ms.date: 08/05/2024
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Trust custom protocol handlers to launch add-ins

Protocol handlers are registered with the operating system to allow an app to be launched from a URI (for example, how `mailto:` launchs an email client). Add-ins can also be launched from protocol handlers. This article explains how to automatically trust these custom protocol handlers by using admin group policies.

Every add-in and protocol pair needs to be trusted. This either comes in the form end-user consent or admin group policies. Similarly, admins can block certain add-in and protocol pairs.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This information about trusting custom protocol handlers that launch add-ins through the registry only pertains to Windows.

## Registry key format

> To automatically trust a custom protocol handler that launches an add-in, create a registry key at one of the following locations. Note that `<add-in id>` refers to the [Id element](/javascript/api/manifest/id) specified in your add-in's manifest.

Reviewer: If this feature works with add-ins using the unified manifest, then we should mention where the ID is found in that manifest.

```suggestion
To automatically trust a custom protocol handler that launches an add-in, create a registry key at one of the following locations. Note that `<add-in id>` refers to the [Id element](/javascript/api/manifest/id) specified in the add-in only manifest or to the "id" property of the unified manifest..
```
